README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

Firstly, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is using the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

doc: first README for the application

README.md, after:

# Easy Cards

![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)

**Easy Cards** is a modern, user-friendly application designed to help you study smarter, not harder. With customizable flashcards and interactive features, it provides a seamless way to organize, review, and master your learning material—all for free.

## Description

Easy Cards allows users to create and manage flashcards easily. Its intuitive interface and powerful functionality are perfect for students, professionals, or anyone looking to enhance their learning experience. Whether you're preparing for exams, learning a new skill, or just staying organized, Easy Cards is here to simplify the process.

## Motivation

We believe that learning should be **accessible**, **engaging**, and **free for everyone**. Easy Cards was built with the vision of empowering users to study efficiently and effectively using innovative tools and intuitive designs. No more hassle, just **easy learning**.

## Technologies

![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-61DAFB?logo=react&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)  
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-3178C6?logo=typescript&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)  
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Next.js-000000?logo=next.js&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)  
![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Firebase-FFCA28?logo=firebase&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)  
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Tailwind%20CSS-06B6D4?logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)  
![shadcn/ui](https://img.shields.io/badge/-shadcn%2Fui-4B5563?logoColor=white&style=flat-square)  
![Jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Jest-C21325?logo=jest&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)

## Author

Developed by **Leonardo Grigorio Ferreira**.  
Feel free to connect with me!

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-0A66C2?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/leonardogrferreira/)  
[![Gmail](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Gmail-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)](mailto:leonardogrferreira@gmail.com)

Thank you for checking out **Easy Cards**! Your feedback and contributions are always welcome. Let’s make learning **easier** and **more enjoyable** for everyone. 🚀
